don't seem sad they don't have any
friends it makes me feel powerful who's
and doesn't have any friends sy the
photo guy had the one our place we
really don't know that much about him
you know I mean you might even have a
lot of friends he probably has a
girlfriend and in a mommy and a daddy
love him he does
I've been doing mini lab work for over
20 years now
I consider it an important job
hi mrs. Yorkin I got that address again
yes three to six Serrano Terrace
don't you got their family photos sure
ya mind if I take a look
you're very lucky man mr. Georgie
have a wonderful family if you don't
mind my saying so a very beautiful house
- I'm sorry
according to the Oxford English
Dictionary the word snapshot was
originally a hunting term
you have to look like having fun
attack this it's all
Academy Award winner Robin Williams won
our photo